A woman who is a single mom takes a leap of faith to pursue her passion for interior design. When she gets hired to decorate the estate of local businessman, she must complete the job by Christmas Eve. With the holidays fast approaching, she must figure out how to break down the wall between her and Nick, as this could be the opportunity that jump-starts her career.

A woman is the CEO of a candy cane company. She meets a man during the busy Christmas season. She assumes he is the suitor her well-meaning mother is trying to set her up with, when in reality, he works for a big corporation which has been hired to take a closer look at the company's operation and find ways to make it more profitable. As they begin to work together, they find ways to elevate the business and find that they have more in common than savvy business sense.

A woman heads back to her hometown for the holidays. Things get complicated when she is forced to team up with her ex at the town’s annual Christmas scavenger hunt.

A woman and man were part of a well-loved music duo famous for a duet. They haven’t played together since they went their separate ways years ago. She gave up music and opened a beautiful lodge in a snowy Vermont town, while he still tours, but he is struggling to find the same kind of success they had as a duo. Fate brings them together over the holidays at her lodge just in time for the annual Yuletide Festival. Can the magic of Christmas help reunite them once again?

A woman and man who are both busy meet when they help an elderly woman find her lost Christmas savings. Thanks to fate and Christmas magic, they also find something they were both missing, true love.

A woman who is an extreme sports photographer returns home for the holiday to look after her grandmother. She ends up lending a helping hand to a neighbour who needs assistance watching his nephew.

A woman sends Christmas cards to five people who have impacted her life: the aunt who raised her, her younger brother in the military, a pop star who provided the soundtrack to her life, the music teacher who inspired her, and her best friend who always tells her the truth.

A woman who is an independent-minded American tour guide is fired from her job in Rome just before Christmas. She crosses paths with an American executive, who wants to buy a high-end Italian ceramics company. He hires her to be his tour guide around the Eternal City, as the owner of the ceramics company won’t sell it to him until he learns the heart and soul of Rome. But is there another heart and soul that he may win?

A woman leaves everything behind in Boston to embark on a new chapter in her life and career. But an unforeseen detour to the charming town of Grandon Falls has her discover unexpected new chapters of the heart and of family helping her to embrace, once again, the magic of Christmas.

A woman lives in a ski village where she works at a local antique shop. When the man recently named as the most eligible bachelor comes into her shop, sparks fly and she starts to wonder what could be. 

A woman searches for a beloved family heirloom in a small Christmas town. When she unexpectedly discovers an adorable little girl and her disheartened father, she realises that Christmas miracles really do happen.

A woman who is a doctor moves to the remote, festive town of Garland, Alaska, for what is meant to be a temporary job as the local physician. She is quickly charmed by a handsome local who soon starts to show her the importance of living in the moment and enjoying her unexpected adventure, and whose father may be hiding a major secret in his holiday shipping warehouse.

A woman who is a devoted seamstress at her father’s tailoring business finds out her doting European boyfriend is actually a prince. She travels to his home over Christmas to find a less-than-enthused mother who makes her feel more at home with the servants than the royal family.

A woman who is a teacher lives in a turn-of-the-century coal mining town. She gets in the holiday spirit by leading the Christmas committee, preparing her students for the Christmas play, and finding the perfect Christmas tree with a charming soldier. But the town experiences some troubles threatening a perfect Christmas, leaving it up to the close-knit residents to save it. 

A woman who is newly widowed doesn’t want anything to do with Christmas, as it reminds her of her late husband. But when she meets a Christmas tree shop owner who gives her an ornament that symbolises hope, she begins to open up her heart to the holiday season and love again.

A woman who is a hopeless romantic less than lucky in love starts receiving 12 Days of Christmas gifts anonymously at her door, leading her on a hunt to figure out who the mystery suitor is and if she’s finally found love where least expected. 

A woman who has lost her holiday spirit inherits her late aunt's cherished old inn at Christmastime. When she decides to sell the inn, a handsome local handyman and a cheerful young elf intervene, helping her rediscover love and the magic of Christmas. 

A woman accepts a position as a governess for a European princess after getting fired from her maid position at a ritzy New York hotel. She initially butts heads with the troubled girl, but eventually becomes a role model and friend to her, while falling for her widowed father at the same time. But a scheming countess wants the king’s heart and hand in marriage and is determined to make the life of the governess difficult.

A woman is a determined executive at a resort corporation. When it acquires a quaint, family-owned snow lodge from retiring owners, she must spend time at the inn before Christmas to hopefully impress her boss and father with a proposed renovations plan. While there, she finds herself initially at odds with the owners’ son who shares her disdain for the holiday season, but eventually develops romantic feelings for him. 

A woman who is a young shop owner loses her luggage and damages her phone, and so must catch a ride with her future brother-in-law to meet her future in-laws for the first time without her fiance. She quickly falls for their heartwarming family holiday traditions and finds unexpected romantic feelings that make her question her future. 

A woman who has let go of her joy of Christmas, is trying to secure her next big deal and promotion to executive vice president before the end of the year. When she’s sent on assignment to a remote town, she meets a handsome widower who owns an inn. It is not long before her all-business exterior begins to thaw and she finds her Christmas spirit returning just in time.

A woman who is a world-traveller returns to Memphis for the holidays and nannies for a wealthy widower while awaiting news about a job overseas. As they grow close, she encourages him to break out of his routine and spend more time with his children, while he encourages her to have confidence. They prepare for a joint event at Graceland featuring a fundraiser for his company and an Elvis at Christmas exhibit she is producing. They develop feelings for each other, she realises how much she enjoys living near family and must decide if her home for the holidays will be her forever home.

A woman and her best friend think they have landed their dream job, giving people the best and most magical Christmas ever as their personal Christmas Coaches. This holiday season promises to be their biggest ever when they land a royal family as a client. When she meets the eldest son, he wants nothing to do with planning Christmas as he’s busy negotiating a big acquisition for his father’s company. But she won’t be thwarted in helping this royal family embrace the true spirit of Christmas. The more she prods him about their family holiday traditions the more he opens up. Sparks start to fly but she faces competition in the form of his old childhood friend and business colleague. Now she must win his heart while giving the family their best Christmas ever.

A woman who is a hotel manager returns to her stunning Virginia hometown to help her sister plan a Christmas wedding at the inn her family once owned. She must work with the current owner and single dad, who wants to let go of the past.

A woman who is an ever-optimistic single mom is looking for a Christmas miracle to write about for the lifestyle magazine at which she has landed a temporary job. While following her lead on the story, she discovers an unexpected romance with a supportive colleague and takes it upon herself to bring about a Christmas miracle for a lonely street musician.

A woman who is an attorney travels to Vermont as Christmas approaches to oversee the sale of an inn, where she falls for a handsome but cursed ghost.
